data-* fix use of text camelCase in text (#28881)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/data-_star_/index.md

These are recommendations. If these naming recommendations are not followed, no errors will occur. The attributes will still be matched using CSS [attribute selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors), with the attribute being case insensitive and any attribute value being case-sensitive. Attributes not conforming to these three recommendations will also still be recognized by the JavaScript {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}} property and user-agents will include the attribute in the {{domxref("DOMStringMap")}} containing all the custom data attributes for an {{domxref("HTMLElement")}}.

> If you plan to use {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}, the portion of the attribute name following the `data-` can only include characters allowed in JavaScript property names (and hyphens, which will be removed). The `dataset` version of the attribute name removes the "data-" prefix and converts the rest of the name from snake case to camel case. For example, `element.getAttribute("data-test")` is equivalent to `element.dataset.test` and `data-test-abc` will be accessible as `HTMLElement.dataset.testAbc` (or by `HTMLElement.dataset["testAbc"]`). Avoid non-alphabetic characters following a hyphen, such as `data-test-1` or `data--test`, as they will not be recognized by {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}.

Reviewer: Whatever else happens, "snake case" (or snake-case or snake_case) is wrong here. If we want to use jargon, "kebab-case" is the right term. But I think we can avoid jargon in this instance:

```suggestion
If you plan to use {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}, the portion of the attribute name following the `data-` can only include characters allowed in JavaScript property names (and hyphens, which will be removed). The `dataset` version of the attribute name removes the "data-" prefix and converts the rest of the name from the hyphenated form to camel case. For example, `element.getAttribute("data-test")` is equivalent to `element.dataset.test` and `data-test-abc` will be accessible as `HTMLElement.dataset.testAbc` (or by `HTMLElement.dataset["testAbc"]`). Avoid non-alphabetic characters following a hyphen, such as `data-test-1` or `data--test`, as they will not be recognized by {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}.
```
